Docs: add mention of ip forwarding and NAT on host system (#575)
Solo5/solo5: docs/building.md

ifconfig tap100 inet 10.0.0.1 netmask 255.255.255.0
```

In case your unikernel needs to access internet (which is not the case in this

> example), you will need to add "ip frowarding" and a NAT to your host system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example), you may need to add "ip forwarding" and a NAT to your host system.
```
what is annoying about networking is that a bridge may be enough if you have available IPs (e.g. if there is a router doing NAT for you or you're lucky to have ample IP addresses) - it all depends very much about your setup.

None the less I am in favor of this as it gives a hint that you may need to do some additional setup (whatever that is)

Author: Thanks! 'frowarding" :facepalm:
